my name is new party bohemian founder of
new bar cosmetic products based in Los
Angeles California we're a company that
manufactures carcinogen free nail care
products basically none of the products
are none of the ingredients we use in
our lines formaldehyde toluene or that
late based we we try to use more of a
natural line product our intention is to
provide the customer of a natural with a
natural based product line our company
is vegan and cruelty-free so this is the
product to buy this is where you get the
best sellable product in the world we're
no bar is available online we have a
website that's www that by new bar kombi
y and UVA are calm and we ship anywhere
in the world you basically you can just
log on make your purchase will ship it
to you the next day any purchase over
$75 as free is free of shipping charges
so best way to get the advantage of free
shipping Lauren my name is Marsha Warren
where the wine twins
we're here promoting adult chocolate
milk for the faces of the product /
spokesmodels pretty much what it tastes
like it's just a glass of chocolate but
it's 40 proof vodka base it's all not
like crazy and all the Bevo's and Costco
it's extremely delicious I'm shaded from
Kaitlyn cosmetics we have a skincare
line which is natural and also mineral
makeup what we love to do is create
natural skincare and beautiful man
mineral makeup that doesn't hurt the
skin and actually what it does it
restores the skin rejuvenates the skin
and makes your skin look younger our
skincare line is all-natural it's
created also some of our products
created by a dermatologist and what it
does it makes your skin look more
beautiful brighter younger and the more
you use it that'd be more beautiful your
skin is going to look and also our
mineral makeup is is put a fully mineral
and it's not it doesn't use any of the
fillers that other mineral makeups
normally use and so use them enjoy him
and beautiful
you can actually go to kaylene cosmetics
calm and also for the people who live in
Los Angeles around the corner of
wilshire and Wilton and korea time my
name is shay de shi da last name ki mi a
bak hsh thank you soo my name is
Christophe pond start the founder of
lava Polly found at lavaca lecom it's a
completely personalized board game that
you can personalize online for your
relationship you can select your main
image go to therapy image a perfect
match image and even personalize the
little ponds that are used to play the
game around the board labeouf Wacom is
is available online it's a game I
created for my girlfriend for
anniversary and she's not my wife and
and it's a game that has a lot of
success since received very well for
valentine's day for four weddings and
even anniversaries it's good for any
kind of relationship if you're just
starting off or even if you've been in a
marriage for 30 years it kind of
refreshes all your memories about your
your life together
our website is lava Polly wwl of a
polycom that's lov o pol why we've had a
number of salaries come by it's actually
become a very popular gift and and
they've all been extremely excited about
getting it for their loved ones for for
Valentine's Day coming up my name is
christoph von start
chr is tio Phe last name concert pio NSA
Artie thank you hi it's wendi jame no
it's mink at this Golden Globe slip
celebrity style lounges we've had a
crazy busy day here today gifting our
beautiful range of lashes and
semi-permanent liner pens for lips eyes
and brows we have probably over 350
styles of lashes with the largest
distributor of lashes in Australia and
you can check out our entire range
online WWE mwin koma you Wendy tomaino
from Smith so this is n 3 wire to
Japanese skin care system and it's a
three-part system there's the face soap
the face lotion and
face mist and all of them are very
moisturizing an all natural and
wonderful for your skin they make it
really soft and really moisturize
you can check out the website it's n3y
JP
you should go and try it out definitely
so you'll learn which parts you love the
most but I love it because it's really
really traps in moisture and it's a
really light product so you're not
pooping on a lot of stuff it's just
really really smoothing and really soft
and wonderful for your skin my name is
Katrina and this is n3y if you go to the
website it's + 3 y dot JP thank you Miss
Franny eat I'm with holster Australia
host Australia is a ten year old company
based in noosa beach queensland
australia it actually has so many
countries around the wall except for the
united states it's actually now just
being launched into the united states
and we're introducing this brand at this
event to give everyone here an exclusive
preview and merchandise that's not even
in the stores what's great about this
product is that it's inspired by the
beach lifestyle that goes into really
resort wear it allows a woman to feel
dressed up yet casual at the same time
very comfortable shoes so holster is
really excited to be launching in the
u.s. starting februari my name is
Frannie thank you